================================================================================

Copyright 2016-2024 LunarG Inc.

The Vulkan SDK is comprised of 100% open-source components. The majority of
the materials are MIT or Apache 2.0 licenses. The Vulkan SDK licensing registry
 (found at vulkan.lunarg.com) discloses all components in the SDK and their 
corresponding open source license. The SDK itself is not licensed because to 
do so would re-attribute licenses to all the things included in the SDK.

ALL INFORMATION HERE IS PROVIDED "AS IS." LUNARG MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR 
WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO THIS LIST OR ITS ACCURACY OR 
COMPLETENESS, OR WITH RESPECT TO ANY RESULTS TO BE OBTAINED FROM USE OR 
DISTRIBUTION OF THE LIST. BY USING OR DISTRIBUTING THIS LIST, YOU AGREE THAT
IN NO EVENT SHALL LUNARG BE HELD LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING
FROM ANY USE OR DISTRIBUTION OF THIS LIST, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, 
ANY SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL OR OTHER DIRECT OR INDIRECT DAMAGES.

================================================================================

Copyright (c) 2017-2022 Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. All rights reserved.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

================================================================================